>> Scott Moss: We are going to be doing
configuring the Auth Forms, okay?
So instead of submitting a form
with the on submit handler,
which is probably what you're used to,
and making a request to an API.
We're instead gonna use the new use
action state hook from React and
add a form action to the form that uses
our server functions that we just made.
So if you've never seen this hook before,
this is cool.
This is gonna be your first time using it.
It's pretty great.
The use action state,
essentially what it does is back in the
day when people wanted to submit forms,
before Jquery came along, before
Ajax came along, before Google Maps.
You would have a form action,
it'd be like,
what is the name of the action
you want this form to do?
And that action correlated
to something on the server.
This is very common in PHP days and
things like that.
Even in JavaScript,
they're just using that.
But the action itself is
going to be some unique.
It's obfuscated from you, but it's gonna
be some unique identifier that maps to
the server action that you created.
Remember when I said when you create the
server actions, it just creates routes for
you, but the paths of those routes
are like generated and obfuscated and
random and unique.
Okay, the action that we pass into
the form is gonna be a handler for
that value that you did not create.
So whatever the value, just like CSS
modules, you didn't create that end
part on the CSS module that was unique,
the build system did.
Well, next JS is gonna do the same
thing for all your server actions.
It's gonna create a unique path for them.
We're gonna reference that path in
our form action with a variable, and
that variable is gonna be
the handler to our function.
So when you import a server action into
a client component, what you're really
importing is just like the handler for
that function, you're not actually
importing the code, you're just saying
this is the handler for that function.
So when it gets called make a network
request to that function and
then give me the result back.
That's what it's actually doing.
It's not actually importing the code.
Does that make sense?
Okay, they're using the action,
prop on a form,
which is super OG to do that.
So we aren't doing any controlled inputs.
We're not keeping track of the loading
state coz use action state does
that for us.
It gives us the status of whether or
not an action is still running.
It gives us the state of the input and
it allows us to describe what we
wanna do once the form is submitted.
So it gives us all those things
that we would have made anyway.
We just get them for free.
So it's kinda cool.
So let's go make signup.
So sign up.
We already have some code here.
First thing you wanna do is
put a use client at the top.
Why do we need to put a use client here?
You have to put a use client
if you're gonna use hooks.
If you try to use any hook on a component
that does not have use client,
you will get an error.
Why, because hooks run in the browser.
To tell React that you want
this component to be like,
think of use client as like use client
is basically saying, I want this.
This component is gonna
have some interactivity.
It's gonna respond to some
interaction on the Browser.
I need JavaScript to run on the browser.
You gotta put use client.
This is a form.
So there's gonna be some type of
JavaScript that's running on the browser.
In this case, it could be validation,
it could be anything.
So if you need to do some
type of browser calculation,
some type of browser interaction handling,
you're gonna do a use client.
You need to do anything where code
is running in the browser and
it's not just presentational like
the landing page that we created,
where it's just a landing page and
it's not doing anything.
You're probably going to use client.
And unfortunately if you go use
a component library that uses CSS and
JavaScript, you just gotta
do use client everywhere.
A lot of them have fixed it, but you might
have to literally take a component that
you want, go make another component
that wraps it, just to put use client at
the top and then use that component for
every component that you wanna use.
This is why I don't do CSS and JavaScript.
A lot of them have fixed it, but
still I don't wanna risk it.
So use client is the React
that you've come to know.
Not putting use client means it's
gonna be a server component.
If that makes sense, okay?
We can interchange how we use them.
I'm not covering too much
about that because again,
it's not really Next JS specific.
It's mostly React specific.
So you can check out Brian's course
on that, but you can pull in
client components into server components
and that's typically actually the pattern.
I think next JS calls it,
what do they call it?
The donut pattern or something like that.
Where it's the server
components on the outside and
then the donut hole is where you would
stuff client components or something.
I don't know,
I think that's what they call it.
I don't call it that.
I like to fetch my data on the server, so
server components make sense, you'll see.
When we do data fetching, then I like
to pass that data to the clients and
those clients can do
whatever they want with it.
They could use React query and
initiate a client request.
Which by the way, here's a tip.
React query isn't just for HTTP requests.
You can use server actions in React Query.
React query takes any async
function as a fetcher.
So if I ever use React query, which I do,
sometimes I just give
it a server function.
I don't actually make a fetcher or
anything like that,
just give it a server function.
So it's really great.